[Beep.]
[Silence.]
You know, not too many years ago, folks dreamed
of linking great cities, not by road, not by rail, but by air. Journeys lasting
days reduced to hours. Now, I guess we can pretty much take all that for
granted. And I guess that in itself is a pretty good thing to celebrate.
I grew up fascinated by this city and later became fascinated by flight.
Somehow, each has influenced the growth of the other. My personal reward has
come in being able to participate in both, and realizing that what has been
achieved is more than notable. It's truly an occasion for celebration.
To actually escape the bonds of Earth and venture into the vastness of outer
space is an experience that can only leave one filled with wonder and with awe.
But to realize that that ability has been achieved in less than a span of a
single human lifetime is truly awesome. And it's an accomplishment that we all
should celebrate.
[Silence.]
[Beep.]
Over the years, I have visited a few hot spots in some of the
strangest, most remote parts of this old world they are. But it's still kind of
amazing that you can go from Houston to almost anywhere in a matter of hours.
Modern flight makes it possible for me to do my job. Without it, I couldn't. I
reckon that's a pretty good reason to celebrate.